README.md, before:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio Project

> This project is about setting up the portfolio. Progression will be made across the microverse activity schedule


## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- Linters for html&css

## Information

**This project is a Work In Progress (WIP) to develop a professional-looking portfolio for future usage**

## Author

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@mullenlucas](https://github.com/mullenlucas)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-mullen-447312119/)

## 🤝 Contributing

 - Readme Template taken from [Microverse Readme Template](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template)
 - Linters for html&css taken from [Microverse Linters](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config)
 
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- To all the collaborators for the Readme Template and the Linters
- The Microverse Team

## 📝 License

This project is not yet licensed.

Commit message:

add github-pages link for the portfolio website

README.md, after:

![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Microverse-blueviolet)

# Portfolio Project

> This project is about setting up the portfolio. Progression will be made across the microverse activity schedule


## Built With

- HTML
- CSS
- Linters for html&css

## Website

Click (this link)[https://mullenlucas.github.io/portfolio_main/] to access the portfolio website hosted on Github Pages !

## Information

**This project is a Work In Progress (WIP) to develop a professional-looking portfolio for future usage**

## Author

👤 **Author**

- GitHub: [@mullenlucas](https://github.com/mullenlucas)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/lucas-mullen-447312119/)

## 🤝 Contributing

 - Readme Template taken from [Microverse Readme Template](https://github.com/microverseinc/readme-template)
 - Linters for html&css taken from [Microverse Linters](https://github.com/microverseinc/linters-config)
 
Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

## Show your support

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments

- To all the collaborators for the Readme Template and the Linters
- The Microverse Team

## 📝 License

This project is not yet licensed.
